IfcActuator Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T06:26:28.4609038Z (#150)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/m/MaximumOperatingTime_31nhczYx96JuYbkJ32Ejs4/Documentation.md

> The maximum time the turnout has to complete the movement before the interlocking turns to out of control status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum duration of the turnout movement before the interlocking turns to out of control status.
```
